README.md, before:

# GITSEARCH

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 12.2.0.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

Commit message:

add my README file and a license

README.md, after:

# Git-Search App Project
#### This is a Git-Search App, 29/08/2021
#### By **SHALIN RONO**
## Description
This is a git hub search engine that enables a user to see first my profile and be able to search for other github users and be able to see their repositories and number of followers and following and be able to see the whole profile of that person.
## Setup/Installation Requirements
* Have a browser(Google Chrome)

* Have visual Studio Code

* Search using the form at the top

* If you want to clone this project, got to this link. Paste this url link to your Visual Studio Code and on your terminal , type : git clone(paste URL)


## Known Bugs
There are no known bugs at the moment.
## Technologies Used
Angular CLI

TypeScript

HTML 5

CSS

## Support and contact details
In case of any issues or questions, feel free to contact me using: 

E-MAIL ADDRESS: ronoshalin@gmail.com

PHONE:+254701338496
### **License**
https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/#

# **Copyright**
Copyright (c) {2021} **SHALIN RONO**
